c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.exe.config
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.Login.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.Resources.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.xml
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.exe
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.pdb
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.xml
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.exe
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.pdb
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.MenuAdmin.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.MenuAnggota.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormKategori.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormLokasi.resources
c:\users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormBuku.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Console.xml
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormPetugas.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormAnggota.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.DataPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.DetilPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.TambahPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.DaftarBuku.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormUser.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.DataBuku.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormPengembalian.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.HistoriPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\sarpr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusatakaanSMK\PerpusatakaanSMK\obj\Debug\PerpusatakaanSMK.FormReport.resources
